= Abstract =
This document explains how this website has been conceived and how to successfully modify it.

= Requirements for the website =
Since we only publish static content, the site had to stay very *simple*. Furthermore, due to many restrictions applying
to Sourceforge's web-space (.htaccess unsupported for instance), it is better that way.

That said, it was previously particularly inconvenient to maintain the common parts of the site (header, navigation,
footer) as they were duplicated in each and every page. So the new site should allow for some kind of *reuse* or
templating.

Also, being a website for developers, a category of people that notably has some weird ideas regarding what a modern
browser is (w3m, uh?), it should degrade gracefully to be fully accessible with any user agent. More seriously, fancy
websites may be a problem for peoples having handicaps or even for common people that are behind some inconvenient
company firewall.
 
Finally, we are in 2011 and it surely is nicer to have a modern HTML5 website (also HTML5 is richer and cleaner to edit).

= Consequently =
- This website is fully HTML5.
- Only its main page (index.html) contains the main navigation links, the header and the footer.
- All other pages are the simplest possible ones (only content) and they are included in the main page via Ajax calls
when JavaScript is enabled.
- All pages are readable without JavaScript (though without the header, navigation and footer).
- All pages are readable without CSS.
- It also degrades gracefully for older browser (IE6 included, yep).
- It is well indexed by Google.
- Using JavaScript, it redirects the user to the nice version of a page if the user tries to access a raw page (i.e.
not included in index.html). This case may happens if the user comes from the search results of Google.

Remarks:
- Actually there is a second level of page inclusion in documentation.html
- Though still usable it would be a very bad idea to deactivate CSS while still activating JavaScript (loading
transitions would look odd).

= How to modify the website =
Edit its pages as with any other standard webpage (remember, it's all HTML5 so don't fear using sections, articles...)

Links to other pages or images must be made relatively to the page you are editing ("../../blah.html",
"../img/blih.jpg"). However: pages at the same level of the file hierarchy *must* be preceded by "./". This is for the
replacement of the links to work well (once some content is loaded in the page via Ajax, it shares the location of the
page that loaded it, ie. index.html).

Because Sourceforge does not let us many liberties to define the cachability of our files by the browser, there is a
trick to append a version number to the URLs of our pages. Every once you publish new content to the site, you *must*
increment this version number (first property in js/core.js).